# Folder Structure
generator-vvv generates a fair amount of project configuration files.

## /deps
If vvv.json specifies a dependencies repository, it will be cloned here.

See: [Working on WordPress](working-on-wordpress.md) for more information on installing 3rd party plugins and themes

## /config
Config contains the configuration needed for VVV's auto site setup scripts. The `data` directory contains a copy of the .sql (or .sql.gz) file that was imported.

The files `org-plugins`, `org-themes`, and `vvv-hosts` are generated by vvv.json. If you edit vvv.json to add a wordpress.org plugin, wordpress.org theme, or a new subdomain these files won't be updated. You may either run `grunt cleanup` and `yo vvv:bootstrap` to start over. Or edit those files and re-provision Vagrant.

See: [Working on WordPress](working-on-wordpress.md) for more information on installing wordpress.org themes and plugins

## /src
Every theme and plugin repository defined in vvv.json has been cloned here. This is where you work on your themes and plugins. They are symlinked into WordPress' `wp_content` directory.

## Gruntfile.js, package.json
The entire project has a number of Grunt commands available to help manage its relationship with Vagrant.

See: [Commands Reference](commands-reference.md) for more information on available Grunt commands.

## scripts
These contain shell scripts to interact with Vagrant. You may safely ignore these.

## vvv-nginx.conf
This is the nginx configuration that is symlinked into Vagrant. You may safely ignore this.

## vvv-init.sh
This is the actual [https://github.com/varying-vagrant-vagrants/vvv/wiki/Auto-site-Setup](auto site setup) script. It's run during Vagrant provisioning (e.g. `vagrant provision`). You may safely ignore this.

## vvv.json
This the main file for generator-vvv. It contains all the configuration details necessary to successfully set up a new site. This file, along with a .sql or .sql.gz file are all that is needed to get started on a project.